This repository is my comprehensive monorepo containing personal projects
and configurations that aren't intended for external contributions,
though contributions are always welcome.

It follows the [dendritic pattern](https://github.com/mightyiam/dendritic),
meaning each file is a [flake-parts](https://flake.parts/) module.
Also, this README is dynamically generated using a flake-parts module, with its
source distributed throughout the repository.

## NixOS configurations

As you can notice I'm a big Star Trek fan...

### `picard`

My main workstation—a custom-built powerhouse featuring an AMD Ryzen 9 7900X,
64GB of DDR5 RAM, and blazing-fast NVMe storage.

### `pike`

My mobile workstation—an Acer Nitro V15 laptop equipped with an i5-13420H CPU,
32GB of DDR5 RAM, and an Nvidia RTX 2050 GPU.
Configured to closely mirror my main workstation `picard` for seamless work when away from home.

### `sisko`

My homeserver hosting a wide variety of private and public services.
Built on a [Radxa Rock5B](https://wiki.radxa.com/Rock5/hardware/5b)—an ARM single-board computer
featuring a Rockchip RK3588, 16GB of DDR4 memory, and 2.5GBit ethernet connectivity.
Storage consists of an SATA SSD for the OS and an enterprise-grade 12TB HDD for data,
connected via an NVMe-to-SATA adapter.

## Projects

### Curriculum Vitae

My CV is built using LaTeX and continuously served at https://cv.aciceri.dev

To build the served derivation, run:

```bash
  nix build .#cv
```

### Blog

My blog is reachable at https://blog.aciceri.dev, the website is continuously deployed.

#### Development

Enter the project directory and development shell to access Cabal and dependencies.

To build the served derivation, run:

```bash
  nix build .#blog
```

To start a development server with hot reload, run:

```bash
  nix run .#blog.watch
```

## Autogenerated files

The following files are automatically generated:

- [.forgejo/workflows/build-checks.yaml](.forgejo/workflows/build-checks.yaml)
- [.gitignore](.gitignore)
- [README.md](README.md)
- [packages/\_nur.nix](packages/_nur.nix)
